Update the introduction to UPPER() and WEIGHT_STRING() (#16534)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/string-functions.md

- If the argument is a negative number, the function converts the absolute value of the argument to its binary representation, inverts each bit of the binary value (changing `0` to `1` and `1` to `0`), and then adds `1` to the inverted value.
- If the argument is a string containing only digits, the function returns the result according to those digits. For example, the results for `"123"` and `123` are the same.
- If the argument is a string and its first character is not a digit (such as `"q123"`), the function returns `0`.

> - If the argument is a string that consists of digits and non-digits, the function returns the result according to the consecutive digits at the beginning of the argument. For example, the results for `"123q123"` and `123` are the same, but `BIN('123q123')` generates a warning like `Truncated incorrect INTEGER value: '123q123'`.

Author: @yibin87 Updated here.

> - If the argument is a string that consists of digits and non-digits, the function returns the result according to the consecutive digits at the beginning of the argument. For example, the results for `"123q123"` and `123` are the same.

Reviewer: BIN('123q123') will generate warnings like, better mention it: 
mysql> show warnings;
+---------+------+----------------------------------------------+
| Level   | Code | Message                                      |
+---------+------+----------------------------------------------+
| Warning | 1292 | Truncated incorrect INTEGER value: '123q123' |
+---------+------+----------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

> - If the argument is a string that consists of digits and non-digits, the function returns the result according to the consecutive digits at the beginning of the argument. For example, the results for `"123q123"` and `123` are the same.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the argument is a string that consists of digits and non-digits, the function returns the result according to the consecutive digits at the beginning of the argument. For example, the results for `"123q123"` and `123` are the same, but `BIN('123q123')` generates a warning like `Truncated incorrect INTEGER value: '123q123'`.
```

### [`UPPER()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-functions.html#function_upper)

The `UPPER()` function is used to convert a string to uppercase letters. This function is equivalent to the `UCASE()` function.

> **Note:**
>

> > When the string is `NULL`, the `UPPER()` function returns `NULL`.

Author: ```suggestion
> When the string is null, the `UPPER()` function returns `NULL`.
```

Example:

```sql

> SELECT upper('bigdata') AS result_upper, upper('null') AS result_null;

Reviewer: The example is a little tricky here. The Note "When the string is `NULL`, the `UPPER()` function returns `NULL`", actually mean, upper(null) instead of upper('null'), the latter one is just a normal string.
Better changed to SELECT upper('bigdata') AS result_upper, upper(null) AS result_null;

Author: Got it.

> SELECT upper('bigdata') AS result_upper, upper('null') AS result_null;

Author: ```suggestion
SELECT UPPER('bigdata') AS result_upper, UPPER(null) AS result_null;
```

```

Output:

```sql
+--------------+-------------+
| result_upper | result_null |
+--------------+-------------+
| BIGDATA      | NULL        |
+--------------+-------------+
```

### [`WEIGHT_STRING()`](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/string-functions.html#function_weight-string)

The `WEIGHT_STRING()` function returns the weight string (binary characters) for the input string, primarily used for sorting and comparison operations in multi-character set scenarios. If the argument is `NULL`, it returns `NULL`. The syntax is as follows:

```sql
WEIGHT_STRING(str [AS {CHAR|BINARY}(N)])
```

> - `str`: the input string expression. If it is a non-binary string, such as a `CHAR`, `VARCHAR`, or `TEXT` value, the return value contains the collation weights for the string. If it is a binary string, such as `BINARY`, `VARBINARY`, or `BLOB` values, the return value is the same as the input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `str`: the input string expression. If it is a non-binary string, such as a `CHAR`, `VARCHAR`, or `TEXT` value, the return value contains the collation weights for the string. If it is a binary string, such as a `BINARY`, `VARBINARY`, or `BLOB` value, the return value is the same as the input.
```

> - `AS {CHAR|BINARY}(N)`: optional parameters used to specify the type and length of the output result. `CHAR` represents the character data type, and `BINARY` represents the binary data type. `N` specifies the output length, which is an integer greater than or equal to 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `AS {CHAR|BINARY}(N)`: optional parameters used to specify the type and length of the output. `CHAR` represents the character data type, and `BINARY` represents the binary data type. `N` specifies the output length, which is an integer greater than or equal to 1.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > When `N` is less than the string length, the string will be truncated. When `N` exceeds the string length, `AS CHAR(N)` pads it with spaces to the specified length, and `AS BINARY(N)` pads it with `0x00` to the specified length.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If `N` is less than the string length, the string is truncated. If `N` exceeds the string length, `AS CHAR(N)` pads the string with spaces to the specified length, and `AS BINARY(N)` pads the string with `0x00` to the specified length.
```
